"I like to beat the brush." - Bob Ross
“I swear she’s real!” - CS Majors
“In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage.”  - Bob Ross
“Give us an A” - Team SpartanPaint
“3 spooky 5 u” - Spoooooooooooky
“Disregard my problems with the latest currency exchange rates” - George Washington
“Look around. Look at what we have. Beauty is everywhere—you only have to look to see it.” - Bob Ross
“Just go out and talk to a tree. Make friends with it.” - Bob Ross
"Bond. James Bond." - Bond. James Bond.
“Trees cover up a multitude of sins.” - Bob Ross
“Hi, I’m Jake from StateFarm” - Jake from StateFarm
“They say everything looks better with odd numbers of things. But sometimes I put even numbers—just to upset the critics." - Bob Ross
“How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That’s your challenge for the day.” - Bob Ross
“I choose you, Pikachu!” - The Elite 4
“Do you want to play a game..." - Saw, and other lonely people
"We tell people sometimes: we're like drug dealers, come into town and get everybody absolutely addicted to painting. It doesn't take much to get you addicted." - Bob Ross
“Water's like me. It's laaazy ... Boy, it always looks for the easiest way to do things” - Bob Ross
“If I paint something, I don't want to have to explain what it is.” - Bob Ross
“We artists are a different breed of people. We're a happy bunch.”  - Bob Ross
“Why did you leave me?” - Pink Guy
“We don't make mistakes. We just have happy accidents.” - Bob Ross
"You too can paint almighty pictures." - Bob Ross
“Remember, if you’re drawing is bad, you’re bad too” - Nikola Tesla
"Talent is a pursued interest. Anything that you’re willing to practice, you can do." - Bob Ross
"Find freedom on this canvas." - Bob Ross
"Gotta give him a friend. Like I always say, 'Everyone needs a friend.'" - Bob Ross
"Just let go -- and fall like a little waterfall." - Bob Ross
"Talk to the tree, make friends with it." - Bob Ross
"You can do anything you want to do. This is your world." - Bob Ross
"If you do too much, it’s going to lose its effectiveness." - Bob Ross
"You can do anything here -- the only prerequisite is that it makes you happy." - Bob Ross
"Go out on a limb -- that’s where the fruit is." - Bob Ross
“Follow me on Twitch.tv/BobRoss” - Probably Bob Ross
"Do I look like I give a damn?" - James Bond
"Go ahead, make my day."  - Clint Southwood
"I am Groot" - Groot
“There's nothing wrong with having a tree as a friend.” - Bob Ross
"I drink your milkshake!" - Someone
"I love lamp." - Ron Burgundy
"It’s life. It’s interesting. It’s fun." - Bob Ross
"I want to be alone.” - CS Majors
“You need the dark in order to show the light.” - Bob Ross
"I'll have what she's having." - Him
"I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse." - Flo from Progressive
“What?” - Arthur Baney
“I didn’t choose the thug life, the thug life chose me” - Jake Motta
“I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush.” - Bob Ross
“All hail the magic conch” - Spongebob Squarepants
"Anytime you learn, you gain." - Bob Ross
“I <3 CS 151” - All of Team SpartanPaint